chore(): add notice for configuration database (#2129)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/configuration.md

DATABASE_PASSWORD=test
```

> > info **Notice** For a practical example with asynchronous database configuration see the documentation [here](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/database#async-configuration)

Reviewer: I find this sentence kinda confusing for beginners with Nest. A beginner could think "Okay, i'm not using async configuration, so i don't need to have a look there". 

```suggestion
> info **Notice** To access to the configuration service in another registration, have a look in asynchronous database configuration documentation [here](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/database#async-configuration)
```
Something like that could be more explicit. My sentence is probably bad, and this is just my point of view, but i think it could be good to clarify the content intended by the developer

Author: Let's see if I can find other words to make this warning. Anyway let's see what Kamil thinks.

> > info **Notice** For a practical example with asynchronous database configuration see the documentation [here](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/database#async-configuration)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> info **Notice** For a practical example with asynchronous database configuration see the documentation [here](./techniques/database#async-configuration)
```

just in case of `docs.nestjs.com` went down or something, using relative paths will let users explore the markdown file as well
